really meanwhile everyone has everywhere
the school started but some the
you already at this dangerous and am
There is one at the beginning of each school year
few situations that you simply look at
and could easily do without
that starts already in the first hours
of the different subjects I am
now also in the upper level
So there are no classes
more with me but only courses it
so sit in each subject others
people around me and me because I
once failed which are guilty
I know so almost always in her two
people what actually from the beginning actually
but if you are a bit too
late come back to blame yourself
exactly these two people are sitting
side by side
Well, well are in synonymous in
stories first row just like math
and bio and economics and in
French probably further
the break and you know what it's called the
Teacher does not explain anyone
in front of a what where then the margin
not known but everytime he does
the blackboard writes in the first hour
so has all told one thing
what you can do what you need
We all write clauses because you 're there
say that you do not have to
brand burger has no more and more
you do not think and how should it
actually create
then it continues with the idea
but really if you are there
really a complete round
I thought I 'm not half
my fifth and then comes kalle
lancaster release of course start
my name is couchepins foreseeable the
interview
my name is kahlo in the martin one
part augsburger team and you consider
know after about a week school
then the books will not only be awarded
that on the day all books after
home drag must be no
From then on, the school really starts
but do not like enough since this year
my school is still one on the
Namely have the books for this
school year already at the end of the last one
get school year so start right
can
I only recently got one from you
Bus driver stories told on this
year I get have no vehicle
paid and now I have to go to school
drive say it also has advantages i
can sleep 20 minutes longer
but disadvantage is quite obvious
move and you got me last week
thank god happened only on the way home
is ok we need to do that yourself
easy and rich mitgeschleift
deep